chore(sr): Initial SR release documentation (#845)
DataDog/dd-sdk-flutter: packages/datadog_session_replay/README.md

# Datadog Session Replay

```
⚠️ This package is currently in preview! Portions of the public API for this package may break without a major version update.
```

A package for integrating [Datadog Session Replay](https://www.datadoghq.com/product/real-user-monitoring/session-replay/) into Flutter applications.

## Getting started

> Datadog Session Replay for Flutter requires using the [Datadog Flutter Plugin](https://pub.dev/packages/datadog_flutter_plugin) in conjunction with Datadog RUM. For more information on how to setup RUM with Datadog, check the [official documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/flutter/setup/?tab=rum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session Replay for Flutter requires using the [Datadog Flutter Plugin](https://pub.dev/packages/datadog_flutter_plugin) in conjunction with Datadog RUM. For more information on how to set up RUM, check the [official documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/flutter/setup/?tab=rum).
```

        // Setup default text, image, and touch privacy
        textAndInputPrivacyLevel: TextAndInputPrivacyLevel.maskSensitiveInputs,
        touchPrivacyLevel: TouchPrivacyLevel.show,
        // Setup session replay sample rate.
        replaySampleRate: 1.0,
    ),
);
```

Last, add a SessionReplayCapture widget to the root of your Widget tree, above your MaterialApp or similar application widget:

```dart
class MyApp extends StatefulWidget {
  const MyApp({super.key});

  @override
  State<MyApp> createState() => _MyAppState();
}

class _MyAppState extends State<MyApp> {
  // Note a key is required for SessionReplayCapture
  final captureKey = GlobalKey();

  // Other App Configuration

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return SessionReplayCapture(
      key: captureKey,
      rum: DatadogSdk.instance.rum!,
      sessionReplay: DatadogSessionReplay.instance!,
      child: MaterialApp.router(color: color, routerConfig: router),
    );
  }
}
```

### Note

`SessionReplayCapture` includes a `RumUserActionDetector`. If you are already using a `RumUserActionDetector`, you should remove it in favor of the one used by `SessionReplayCapture`.

# Documentation

> For more information including how to setup fine grained masking and privacy controls, see Datadog's [official documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/mobile) for Session Replay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information including how to set up fine grained masking and privacy controls, see Datadog's [official documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/mobile) for Session Replay.
```
